Add PieSocket to sponsors (#122)
wagtail/wagtail-live: docs/getting_started/publishers/setup_piesocket.md

# Set up PieSocket publisher

---

> **Note:** PieSocket proposes a free-plus plan to Wagtail-live users which consists of the free plan with a daily rate message increased to 1 million. To benefit from it, follow the partner link instead of the regular one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** PieSocket offers a 'free-plus' plan to Wagtail-live users. This is the same as the free plan, but with an increased limit of 1 million messages per day. To benefit from this offer, follow the partner link instead of the regular one.
```
